Improve image vulnerability report (#5797) (#5813)
DataBiosphere/azul: OPERATOR.rst

Wait for the GitLab web application to become available again and perform a
``git fetch`` from one of the Git repositories hosted on that instance.

Export AWS Inspector findings
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

#. ``_select anvilprod``

#. Run ``python scripts/export_inspector_findings.py`` to generate a CSV file

#. Open the `Anvilprod Inspector Findings spreadsheet`_

> #. Import the CSV file with the following import options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Use the ``File`` > ``Import`` dialog in the spreadsheet to import the generate CSV, use these options:
```

    - Import location: Insert new sheet(s)

    - Convert text to numbers, dates, and formulas: Checked

> #. Rename the new tab using `YYYY-MM-DD` format and move it to the front of the

Reviewer: Note that the last generated sheet is also post-fixed with `in-boundary`. Maybe confirm the naming convention.

   stack

#. Apply visual formatting (e.g. column width) to the sheet using a previous
   sheet as a guide

> #. Sort the sheet by descending ``Severity``

Reviewer: I understood the instructions in https://github.com/DataBiosphere/azul/issues/5797#issue-2042387700 to modify the script so that the CSV is generated with the severity sort applied. Perhaps confirm this assumption.
